---
layout: default
title: Mentors
---

h2. {{ page.title }}

h4. Become a Mentor

Make a lasting impact on a teenager's future and help build the technology workforce of the future by becoming a Team Mentor. This competition uses robots and programming to engage students in learning the practical applications of science, technology, engineering and math.

Watch middle and high school students grow as they design, build, program and document their own autonomous robots to compete in a fast-paced tournament. Teams are advised to purchase a robot kit including microprocessors, sensors, motors and software.

Your role as a mentor can have a profound influence on students and teachers in your area!

As a mentor you can make a difference in a student's life:

* Build a student's confidence in his or her own abilities to solve problems.
* Expand their knowledge in science, technology, engineering and math.
* Be a positive role model to middle and high school students of all backgrounds.
* Introduce students to careers in technical fields they may have never considered.
* Serve as a resource, sounding board, coach and cheerleader.
* Challenge students to learn new skills and concepts in an exciting environment.
* And, have a great time!

Mentors come from a variety of professions - engineering, science, technology, computer programming. While students design, build, program and document the robot themselves, your expertise as a resource and trouble shooter is important to a team's success.

Mentors provide coaching in areas such as:

* Robot Design
* Game Strategy
* Computer Programming (Java or language of chosen platform)
* Research
* Website Design

The time commitment for mentors will vary depending on the team. Many mentors schedule regular meeting times with their team. Typically, meetings are held once a week and other communication occurs via e-mail or phone. The number of hours you contribute depends on your schedule and the team's skill level. We do our best to match mentors and teams by proximity.

For more information or to become a mentor, contact us at info@iaroc.org. Wintriss Technical Schools, Inc 12707 High Bluff Drive #200, San Diego, CA 92130 info@wintrisstech.org www.wintrisstech.org Changing Kids' Lives With Java A 501(c)3 Public Benefit Institution

h4. Responsibilities

h4. Schedule

h4. Forums

h4. Links