---
layout: default
title: Registration
---

h2. {{ page.title }}

To register, do the following

# Download and fill out the Entry Form (under attachments below).
# Mail the completed entry form with team entry fee of $500 ($400 if received prior to April 1, 2012) to the address below.

<pre>Wintriss Technical Schools
Post Office Box 910471
San Diego, CA 92191-0471
</pre>

The iARoC 2012 Flyer is attached below along with a complete set of rules.

Check out iARoC videos and pictures at www.wintrisstech.org.

*Registration Deadline*: The last day for registration is Aprily 15, 2012. Late registrations will be considered on a case-by-case basis and will be charged a late registration fee.

The cost for registration for a team is $500, non-refundable, $400 if received prior to April 1, 2012. Any individual or group can enter more than one robot, but a registration fee must accompany each team entry. The same physical robot cannot be entered twice. A team can have copies of the same robot to use as a backup or spare parts or relay running. For first time entrants, discounts are available for iRobot Roomba Creates and Sun Microsystems SPOT controllers.

h4. Entry

An entry is defined as a team captain and robot pair entered into a "division":about.html. There are no restrictions as to who can enter a robot. A single team with a single robot, can only be considered as a single entry. There is no limit on team size. There will be a maximum of 20 entries allowed, as this is the maximum number of entries we can accommodate with the amount of time available. Entries will be posted on the "forum":teams.html as they sign up.

* "2012 iARoC Flyer (pdf)":files/2012\20iARoc_Flyer_outlines_sm.pdf
* "2012 Entry Form (pdf)":files/EntryForm2012.pdf
