---
layout: default
title: Schedule
---

h2. {{ page.title }}

The competition will be held over two days, with different events occurring on both days. The first day will be for the "Teams":teams.html to setup, get their robots ready, do as many trial runs as they can, and to do a technical presentation in front of the judges.

The second day will be the actual competition, where each Team will get the opportunity to compete for 1st, 2nd and 3rd place.

Throughout the competition, there will be a main display board listing the current standing of each Team.

h3. April 15, 2012 - Final day to register

All "entry forms":registration.html must be sent by this date.

h3. June 18, 2012- RoboCamp Begins

A Robo Camp will be held with extended hours for the entire week prior to the competition, June 18 - June 22, 2012. Expert technical assistance will be available during Robo Camp. 

h3. Friday, June 22, 2012 - Setup and drop off

* This day is only for the competition organizers to drop off materials and start setup
* Enter via Solana Gate with pre-approved passes
* 07:30 Vehicles line up for entry
* 08:00 Service gates open, drive to infield
* 08:00-09:00 Unload material and supplies into storage area
* 09:15 Must be out of fair grounds
* 20:00 *RoboCamp Ends*
* 20:00 Pack up maze materials and load into vehicles for delivery to Fair Grounds

h3. Saturday June 23, 2012 - Day 1

* 07:30 Organizers line up for entry
* 08:00 Organizers enter service entrance Solana Gate
* 08:00-10:00 Organizers finalize setup of robot arena/maze
* 09:00 Judges arrive to assist in setup.
* *Doors will be open from 10:00-17:00*
* *10:00-11:00 Sign in, setup work area*
* *11:00-11:15 Welcome to the competition session*
* *11:15-17:00 Team setup time and debug runs*
* *13:00-17:00 "Technical Presentations":rules.html#tech_pres*
* *17:00 Teams prepare to exit fair grounds*

h3. Sunday June 24, 2012 - Day 2

* 07:30 Organizers line up for entry
* 08:00 Organizers enter service entrance Solana Gate
* 08:00-10:00 Organizers prepare for day
* 09:00 Judges arrive to assist in setup.
* *Doors will be open from 10:00-17:00*
* *10:00-10:30 Recap from previous day, last minute updates*
* *10:30-14:00 "Urban Challenge":rules.html#urban*
* 14:00-15:00 Organizers prepare robot arena for Gold Rush Challenge
* *14:00-15:00 Teams prepare for Gold Rush Challenge*
* *15:00-16:00 "Gold Rush Challenge":rules.html#gold_rush*
* 16:00-16:30 Judges finalize evaluations
* *16:30-17:00 Awards Ceremony*
* *17:00 Teams finalize their work area tear down and exit*
* 17:00 Organizers finalize tear down of robot arena and move all material to storage area

h3. Monday June 25, 2012 - Removal of supplies

* *This day is only for the competition organizers to pick up materials*
* Enter via Solana Gate with pre-approved passes
* 07:30 Vehicles line up for entry
* 08:00 Service gates open, drive to infield
* 8:00-09:00 Retrieve supplies from storage area and load up vehicles
* 09:15 Must be out of fair grounds.
